(LOOΠΔ TV PREQUEL AGAIN!)
Yves: It's a historical day for LOOΠΔ
Yves: Because....
Yves: Our 12th girl is in here...!
(Go Won is also blurred... Sorry, Go Won...)
Yves: Shall we get into it with our new member, Go Won?
(Here come blurred girls!)
Yves: How about doing like this? Maybe we can erase the blur!
I did like that last time... but...
Did you see that?
'It's been a while since you two were in the camera, right?'
(This blurred girl was appeared in LOOΠΔ TV before!)
Yves: I said 'I'm not cold' and she said 'I'm a bit cold' at that LOOΠΔ TV episode.
Yves: Why did you change your mind so easily?
'You took photos with LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE, right?'
Yes!
But this time, I'm taking photos with 3/3~
Well... maybe you can think I just showed up out of nowhere,
But that's not...
(Although it was the last test photo shooting, the girls had a lot of fun together!)
Chuu: Chuu PD's LOOΠΔ TV~
Fighting!
Yves: PD, it's too hard to blur, right?
(Nope. My blurring skill is on another level like AI)
Yves: Cheer up, PD~